---
layout: page
title: Paper Review
---

# Summary
In the paper Encouraging Exploration with Elroy: A New User Experience for Web Search, Rose et al put forth the idea that most modern search engines support limited interaction with the user due to limitations from the early days of the web. They state that different search structures could encourage exploration by blurring the lines between browsing and searching. They then go on to describe an experimental search engine named Elroy which attempts to show one such novel search structure. An interesting concept that they employ in their design is the idea of a “Semantic Fisheye”. Similar to how a “fisheye” lens in photography magnifies the center of the field of vision while reducing the periphery, a “Semantic Fisheye” has a specific item in the spotlight that is shown with a large amount of information while also showing related concepts with less information in the “periphery”. In Elroy, when you search for an item, that item will be shown to you but related items will also be highlighted with a brief summary. Though the ideas put forth in the paper are very interesting, they are untested as Elroy is untested. However this seems like an interesting way to set up a search system which could be used in Sous Shopper.

# Application
As Sous Shopper is mostly a searchable encyclopedia of produce, Rose et al’s new search paradigm is of particular interest. We have attempted to organically encourage produce discovery by adopting the “Search, Feature, Browse” design pattern but this system seems like it could be a good fit as well. As users search for specific produce, related produce could be shown in the sidebar. An example of this could be that if a user searches for an Orange, the app suggests that they might be interested in Grape Fruit. The “Semantic Fisheye” concept as it applies to search described in this paper could be an easy way to encourage discovery while not feeling heavy handed. It does run the risk of being confusing. The way that our search currently is envisioned to work is that as you type the name of a produce, the search results shrink to only the produce that fit what the user has typed. However this new system would need to wait until a single produce name has been typed and then show related produce, otherwise as you type “gra-” for grape, the app would need to predict that the user wants grapes and show strawberries, cranberries and the like as related produce, which may be confusing if the user actually wanted grapefruit. However, this is still an interesting direction to head in with the search function of Sous Shopper.

http://ntur.lib.ntu.edu.tw/bitstream/246246/242814/3/Exploring+the+interaction+effects+between+search+tasks+and+.pdf#page=56
